Who controls the past controls the future, who controls the present controls the past.

Rich Dad, Poor Dad
By Robert T. Kiyosaki
V1.0(9-9-2002)
If you find and correct errors in the text, please update the version number by 0.1 and
redistribute.

Ripped by Tangtang

INTRODUCTION
There is a Need
Does school prepare children for the real world? "Study hard and get good
grades and you will find a high-paying job with great benefits," my parents used
to say. Their goal in life was to provide a college education for my older
sister and me, so that we would have the greatest chance for success in life.
When T finally earned my diploma in 1976-graduating with honors, and near the
top of my class, in accounting from Florida State University-my parents had
realized their goal. It was the crowning achievement of their lives. In
accordance with the "Master Plan," I was hired by a "Big 8" accounting firm, and
I looked forward to a long career and retirement at an early age.
My husband, Michael, followed a similar path. We both came from hardworking families, of modest means but with strong work ethics. Michael also
graduated with honors, but he did it twice: first as an engineer and then from
law school. He was quickly recruited by a prestigious Washington, D.C., law firm
that specialized in patent law, and his future seemed bright, career path welldefined and early retirement guaranteed.
Although we have been successful in our careers, they have not turned out
quite as we expected. We both have changed positions several times-for all the
right reasons-but there are no pension plans vesting on our behalf. Our
retirement funds are growing only through our individual contributions.
Michael and I have a wonderful marriage with three great children. As I
write this, two are in college and one is just beginning high school. We have who controls the past controls the future, who controls the present controls the past.
spent a fortune making sure our children have received the best education
available.
One day in 1996, one of my children came home disillusioned with school.
He was bored and tired of studying. "Why should I put time into studying
subjects I will never use in real life?" he protested.
Without thinking, I responded, "Because if you don't get good grades, you
won't get into college."
"Regardless of whether I go to college," he replied, "I'm going to be
rich."